# Why Adam Robinson Prices RB2B Below Competitors' CAC — Adam Robinson

**Video ID:** AwNdZcOfCcY
**Transcript Source:** youtube-transcript API
**Date Retrieved:** July 2026

Welcome to Safe Doesn't Scale. I'm your host, David Walsh, founder of Limelight. This show is for marketing and growth leaders with a chip on their shoulder who are tired of playing it safe. Excited to have Adam Robinson on the podcast today. Adam for probably doesn't need an introduction, but currently founder of ORB2B Retention.com and now Moltzets, which we were just talking about offline. Adam, firstly, thanks for coming on and chatting with me. >> No problem, man. No problem at all. Thanks for having me. >> All right. Okay. Well, I have to start with the new business molds sets. I was doing some research on it. I'm launching AI employees for my current current business and I feel like I'm making this mistake of building too much UI. You're going in the opposite direction. Tell us what does mold sets do and why you're building it. >> So, really the story is about six weeks ago I had this clay agency named the guy named Patrick Spichky from the kiln on my show and he's like, I'm kind of joking, kind of not. I don't know what I'm going to be do using Clay for in a year because I'm doing more and more with Claude Code. And I thought it was an interesting comment because Clay's just incredible. Uh, and I hit him up afterwards and he's like, "Look, a lot of people only use Clay to build a list and enrich it with emails and phone numbers. If that is all you are doing, Clay is neither the best or easiest or least expensive way to do that. I think a a super kind of like frictionless contact database to be used a aside of claude code is like a future vertical market and the contact database space is very competitive. It's like zoom info Apollo handful of guys in the middle ton of guys at the bottom. Something like that already exists. It's just my view is I think I can it's like all of these guys have MCPs. they're, you know, some of them are entirely API based, but like I kind of have this view that like none of them are like hyper aggressively positioned that way and like I kind of want the story to be like so so so part of it is like that use case that like oh like you can do this simple thing with clay and claw code. So it's like thing number one is just try to get all the people that are using claude code to think you know make the offer and market it in such a way where they're like oh yeah this is the obvious choice for me so I got to figure out what that means first and then the long game is I think there is the opportunity to position a contact database as this is the one for autonomous agents >> because all of the ones for humans are not that they can kind of say that they are that but like at the end of the day they're not built from ground zero for autonomous agents. So >> let me add to that. I think the who's the decision maker in this new world. I don't know if it's the human anymore, right? I think it would be the thing. So So the way I see it right now is like this open claw thing is very real. But engineers, you kind of have to be an engineer to properly handle an open claw or you got to be pretty close to it. I mean our non-technical people who wish they were technical can't get it to do anything. So as a result you know the skill libraries for open clause are related to engineering because engineers are the ones who are using these things and I think there will be a day in the next 12 to 24 months where a marketer will be able to handle an open claw as a result of some code or technology or like whatever and the adoption will be literally vertical. So, so yeah, I mean that's my idea with that thing. We'll see. I mean, it's like I have a bunch of different conversations. I get a bunch of different conflicting signals back from the market and conflicting opinions on how it's going to go. you know, my my I just think that uh I have a lot of marketing leverage and we due to my marketing leverage, which can lead to a very low customer acquisition cost, I think we can have a disruptive offer from a pricing standpoint. >> Um that's kind of like what our B2B is. So, so I'm hoping to play into that. At the same time there's like a very small addressable audience of people actually doing that in that way that is I think exponentially expanding. So >> I would we met maybe two or three weeks ago now at SAS doc and you were about to go on stage and I in rudely interrupted you right before you went on stage and started harassing you with questions and probably pitching you my business. Apologies, but one of the things that I thought was really interesting is you did a great keynote and it was about this idea of getting customer feedback and who to listen to and how to listen to them and you know this conflicting nature of customer feedback. I can only imagine what that's like in a world in which there's no UX or UI or no UI. It's like how do you actually get feedback, right? You know, and so we'll talk more about that. >> Hard and weird. >> Yeah. I wanted to though just quickly mention on the open claw stuff. I decided to go all in on OpenClaw about four, eight weeks ago. Went on a ski trip with my family to Italy and ended up writing 300,000 lines of code, you know, just like went deep into it. Did everything wrong as usual, right? Like just went in and was like, "Build me everything." And it just built like everything in my brain. And I came back and I was like, "Okay, half this 80% of this is rubbish." But there's something really powerful in it. I think the idea of agents that will support verticals like individual people at a company to do their work 10x is actually huge. So I let's go back to the question though which is like how do you get feedback for this new product? Like what are you doing right now? People listening to this you've done this three times gone to zero to one. You've built multiple businesses. When you take a big swing like this like is it a hunch? Is it feedback? Like how do you get feedback on this? Is the >> Yeah. Well, well, I I explained where the idea came from and there's a lot that I think the idea has to be good enough to where people's like faces light up when you talk about it and this one is like maybe 75% that I think the pro so what I have previously been very successful with is new stuff and but this is like a different play. This is like trying to build a brand in a very crowded space. That's the attempt, right? So again, this is not typically I'm not 10 out of 10 on this, but it's still I think it's still worth pursuing. And then there there's this idea that I can generate a huge amount of awareness for this growing way of doing something, right? So like the contact data itself is not new. the number of people using cloud code in go to market workflows is new you know so it's for example I want to like a I think I can like you know do this really good UGC influencer motion with these guys who kind of follow me and we're in the same ecosystem and I also think I'm going to do a weekly workshop called Claude did what B2B experts share claude skills that you can deploy today and it like doesn't even have to be a skill that involves my thing. I think I can aggregate a bunch of attention around the mechanism that I'm trying to build the brand around. Right? The widget is somewhat commoditized but like my hope is that I can you know create this idea in the consciousness of the go to market space which is my audience that if you are doing go to market workflows and clutter collide code like this is your best option for contact data by far it's just built for it and like the price is crazy and like it's high quality and like all that stuff right >> that's awesome >> that didn't actually answer your question Well, you know, my mind is running beyond something you said because it's actually not a huge jump away from or B2B, right? With and I'll give you my use case. Well, or B2B has been running with our company for a long time, right? For those that don't know and that are listening to this deanizes, deanonymizes, why is that word hard to say? Website traffic. And it was all in my Slack channel. And the moment that I connected an AI agent to my Slack channel, I was able to read Slack. I was like, go tell me who's been on our website and then create these recurring tell me who's been on a website that meets this criteria and ICP. and it was showing me exactly who those people were, right? So, it's not a huge jump from, you know, what you're thinking about now is I was already using your your product as a data source for my agent. So, transitioning to that, you're now running three companies, right? And most people can't run one. How do you Yeah. How are you going to continue on with or B2B? I know you're building a lot of agents and automating everything and the team is really small, but how much time and energy for those listening will go into each business in your mind? And maybe it's more at the early stages. I don't know. >> Okay. So, we actually have three product lines and mold sets will be a fourth. I only talk about one of them on LinkedIn. I I mention so like I talk about RB2B and the reason is because I have incredible marketing. The weight of my words in the B2B SAS community, it's tremendous because I'm kind of I mean there's a couple other guys now at this stage speaking like I'm speaking. I think I saw Tyler Dank out there like doing some building public revealing financials or whatever, but like hardly anybody does and he's kind of doing it in a different way, right? And and I don't think his content's like mutually exclusive to mine or whatever. So, I only talk about our BBB. Uh I have five people on our executive team. Two of them run these other two product lines and they're amazing. And you know, one of them handles everything related to finance and legal and HR and she's amazing and the the very honest and direct answer to like how I run three companies that I do not. I I you know I am lucky enough to focus on kind of what I'm working on, right? And RB2B I I just want to tell this story as much as possible. I think it's like a very lightning in a bottle situation, but I think all founders should know about it. like we we had the intention on day one of trying to create the leanest system possible that AI could amplify human labor by a thousandx right and I was also I was so so like that and we knew the core technology was going to be person level website visitor identity there's a million ways you could approach that market if AI is if it's going to be the leanest operation possible and that's the priority over revenue and you're going to try to use AI to 10,00x your human output, it's got to be premium PLG SMB funnel and you're kind of accepting a cap on the revenue. But the tradeoff is that eventually you should be able to run that with virtually no human input. And that's that's a dream. And the problem is if you have a direct competitor, you get in a feature war and then all of a sudden stuff's not simple anymore, right? I had this amazing this was luck right I think like the you know so much of business is just it's this incredible multivariate equation and like you don't have control over a lot of it and then you wake up one day and you're like holy [ __ ] I'm in a totally different situation now than I was six months ago and it's great and I didn't see that coming but I had nothing to do with it you know so the short story of our BBB was like we launched bunch of people copied us because one of the suppliers out there was basically making it known that oh all this money Adam's making you should go out and make. Turns out one our actual mechanism to identify people was better than theirs which you know took it took people a while to figure out and number two a combination of two things. the incredibly cheap awareness I was getting from my thought leadership and the fact that we are already a data company with two other product lines and we have data scientists and we had this data asset that we layered a few hundred,000 of B2B data on and a bunch of other signal and all of a sudden we had no marginal cost of fulfilling a contact whereas warmly was paying whoever Apollo seven cents every email right so what happened was that those two things allowed us to price our service basically below the cost of acquiring a customer for a B2B service of anything. So what did that mean? It mean everybody else had to go build a bunch of other [ __ ] 30k per year, right? So like because they couldn't really compete with those, you know, on the on the cheap channel front, they couldn't compete. And then on the price front, they couldn't compete because their unit economics of fulfilling these contacts were literally higher than my subscription price. >> Right. Right. And they've got a bunch of investors that are like, we need subscription revenue guaranteed. >> You're dead on. But where that has allowed the product to live is at a low price. You expect a simple product and you don't expect a ton from service. Literally this moment of clarity happened when the last vendor went and built everything else. Last year who I thought had the perfect product. I was like [ __ ] like we're only going to do put the pixel on your site and we'll resolve a contact and push it somewhere else. If you want to do anything else, go pay somebody else 20 $30,000. If you want to get started in 60 seconds for 79 bucks, we're the only game in town, right? And we have decided to just leave the product frozen in time because we have no competitors anymore. And the, you know, we're working on multit like Tate hasn't touched the code in six weeks. Rob who runs the support, he spends 15 minutes a day dealing with ticket escalations. And then I post three times a week on LinkedIn, not about RB2B. >> Unbelievable. I mean, and we have that data team, but they're like working on the other businesses, too. You know, they're like doing whatever needs to be done to keep our whole operation going. So, it it is again like I'm not in in the business about to cross 9 million era. It's going to hit it, you know, any day now. And like I'm not bragging about that. I'm just saying as an entrepreneur, if that were not my business, I would want to know that is happening in the world, >> right? And I would know I would want to know the story that I everything that came together to make that a possibility cuz to me that business is the [ __ ] dream. >> You know what I mean? 9 million ARR and one person is spending 15 minutes a day on it. Yes, please. How do I get a hundred of those? You know, >> you know, I was talking to uh Chris Walker earlier today on on the podcast and uh one of the things I met Chris nine months ago. I was at this pos transitional period in my business and trying to decide if I wanted to take on VC funding and get a term sheet and sign this agreement and do all this thing or or go in the opposite route and he and I was like the problem I have with B2B influencer because we do B2B influencer market marketing. He was like it's not a large enough market and every investor sell us is not going to be $100 million revenue business and I was thinking very negatively and then he said think about it the opposite way around. you now have no competition with no VC money with people that have got 10 or 20 or $50 million trying to take up your market share and I was just like that makes a ton more sense right so there's always >> okay that is RB2B the churn's horrible it's going to top out soon but it is a subVC scale opportunity that due to these circumstances in my world I was able to catch lightning in a bottle on >> you know and a lot of people think it's just not interesting It's 10 million R. Who cares? To me, that's like the dream, you know? If I could just keep creating lean 10 million businesses that are like it's a portfolio of these subVC scale things and some are growing, some are shrinking a little bit, like that's awesome, you know? >> Yeah. You actually post quite a bit about being anti VC or not taking on investment money. I'm curious like while I have you, right, is there a dollar amount that you think it's worth taking VC money and what would that dollar amount be in your mind or is it just no, don't ever take it? I I think this is like a really important some like you could not build open AI without capital like you need they're buying they're building data centers right so there are certain businesses like you can't send people to Mars without VC you know if you're in a fintech and you're doing some kind of innovative lending like you need external capital to go lend that money out right I think the problem that I have is it is so devastating in almost every founder journey the path to actually getting real traction that when you get it, you think your business is a lot better than it is actually proven itself to be in almost all cases, right? So, like I I posted this a few weeks ago like um I spoke to Eden, the founder of Claio, and that was of that decade. That was like one of the colossal successes. It was an SMB startup that went from zero to, you know, whatever a billion three AR and their public company and like, you know, both the founders still work there. It's like everything that you could possibly dream of if you were like in this VC ecosystem, it happened to them. And I'm talking to this guy and like the sense that you get talking to him is that all of the re like the main if you're like what were the main drivers of Playio success? It's like we hooked on to the Shopify boat when it was 50 million in valuation and now it's 150 billion, right? So there was a 30,000x in the ship they tethered themselves to. Like if that wouldn't have happened, no one would know a damn thing about Flavio, right? Not a thing in there would like in in their wildest dreams when they built that integration and said, "You know what? were going all in on Shopify. They could have never imagined that Shopify would be worth $150 billion someday, ever, right? And then they had these two other main things. One was the space that they decided to get in to be the one space in SMB that actually has net revenue retention, >> which is email newsletters. >> Because especially with ecom, they're storing the database and they price based on list size and all of the people that buy go on the email list. So even though there's high gross churn, it is net revenue expansion that's significant. So that allows your company to get huge. Um, and then Mailchimp had already won the game completely in this email marketing space and then there was this big blowup about some weird nuanced optout thing that Mailchimp wouldn't budge on. Their relationship exploded. Then Claio came became the undisputed leader like de facto recipient of the Shopify wave. So like and then you know everybody else that raised money when I did failed, >> right? I just Googled it. >> You know what I mean? It just sucks. It just blows for founders because this stuff that made us win we could have never even imagined. >> Right. I just Googled it. They raised $778 million. And I think going back to our question, it's like when where's the threshold? Because the way I see it, right, I did everything wrong in my last startup. Tried to hire as many people as I could, raise as much capital as I could, thought I would be successful and was like that will be, you know, did the exciting fund raise announcements, etc. This time around did the opposite. But you do need capital at least if you're not an exited founder at the beginning to get going. The question is when does the disconnect happen between the founders expectations and incentives and vision versus the investors? Because when at some point over whatever million dollars, maybe it's $5 million, there's like a disconnect that subtly happens where the investors invest and then they're like, well, we don't actually want what's best for the founders. We want what's best for our fund and our image at the end fund and all this other [ __ ] that doesn't matter. >> Yeah. So, so let me answer this question in a couple ways. Number one, you do need money to start a company, but you can get money from outside of the industrial VC complex. You could borrow money from who would give you money if you started a restaurant. People who give you money if you started a restaurant are like your parents' friends who think you're a smart kid, right? That is a really good way to get seed money. And then I think there's this idea that like you have money or not, you've got to figure out a way to have incredibly disruptive product and marketing to get something off the ground. Money does not change your ability to do that. In most cases, especially now it's getting cheaper to build software. In some ways it could actually hurt you because >> you kind of in my opinion you need to create this pull, >> you know, and then once you have the pull of product out of you, then you can spend money on channels to speed that up. But money a lot of times >> makes you spend money before you have the pull and it's just a big waste. So yeah, that wasn't your exact question. You were like, "Okay, and by the way, >> another I think it can make sense to raise venture like like these guys. I don't know if you've heard of Fixer. They're these guys in the UK. This email, they have 155% net revenue retention. >> Fine, go big. Their TAM is >> everyone, right? And they have a funnel that's working through Meta. They're going after middle managers in corporate America. That TAM is [ __ ] massive. They have sick CACLTV and they have 155 net revenue >> and they got Harry Stebings to invest with his audience as well. >> Totally. So knock yourself out if that's your exometrics. My thing is people are raising that are not in that scenario. And the problem is if you take venture capital in order for you to actually make a substantial amount amount of money, your company has to grow forever. It can't Jason Frerieded who is probably the most influential guy on me wrote the book Rework. He was on David Senra's podcast a couple months ago. The the founders podcast guy interviewed David Senra. He said, "So every business has to have exceptional traction to get off the ground and be viable. It just and it doesn't matter VC, bootstrapped, whatever. If you don't get that, you will fail, right? So like that's a requirement. But like the idea that there is not a level if it were like a rocket ship that you would eventually just like orbit and be happy. The the idea that you would just have to keep going up and up is a little bit crazy if you keep asking why would that be the case, you know? And I think the problem it's like I don't know if it's a dollar amount, but you start getting serious, you know, venture people in there who have a portfolio of [ __ ] and their interest is the portfolio and not you. And like if they're giving you real dough, guess what? Like they're expecting that you will grow forever. >> And it's like a hamster wheel, right? >> Like it's just a wild thing, right? the expectation that you will have to grow forever to the point where someone else is going to acquire you and think that you're at least gonna 3x or something from that point or you're going to IPO. Right. So, >> right. >> So, yeah, that that I think is I think it's the danger of it. It's just if you don't >> need the money, right? If you can just be hyper efficient and you can just get to this place where the thing is working and you don't have that capital come in, you will just be and you just let that play out over many years which your VC journey is going to be many years also >> you have a better like better quality of life and a better higher percentage >> it's like you know more stressful in the beginning like way less stressful in the end but yeah like I don't talk to many people you know the situation I'm in, right? It's like I set this goal. Oh, yeah. I want to have 25 million AR and, you know, 35 employees. I have like, you know, we're 33 and we have maybe 30 full-time employees or something like that. Like, it's going incredibly well. We don't spend any money on marketing. Like, is super super It's like this dream situation where I get to wake up every day and your team gets so much better over the course of this, >> right, >> this decade. >> How do you force the team and you not to hire more people is a good question. like you got all this money and you're reinvesting it and you're like, "Wait, we could probably do more if we added a few more bodies." Or do you just think differently? It's like the team is structured in a way where they're so much different. >> Yeah. Like we we the only people that work at our organization are very scrappy, lean. I mean, it's I advertise what we are doing very clearly. We are a highly profitable, you know, super capital efficient uh, you know, operation. And and you, some people are wired that way. Some people are wired the opposite, right? One of my mentors in Austin is this guy named Brett Hurt and like he's like, I really admire and respect what you do. He's lean, profitable, you know, small companies. He's like, I'm totally He's like, if you gave me an ice cream stand, I'd be like, how do we make this thing global as fast as possible? You know, you know, he has been very successful in operating that way. He has done incredibly well with VC, but he's also pretty unique and I and he didn't start his career at a time when it was possible to do what I'm doing. >> You know what I mean? >> Yeah, that's that's that's 100% true. >> He's like older than me. I think you can do so much more with so much less now. And I do think that VC's I suppose leverage on the ecosystem is diminishing and getting less valuable because capital isn't the important part. It's like what else can they bring? In my experience, most investors don't bring much other than a check and then they just walk away and they're like tell me the updates. I want to come to your content, right? Because your content has been something that I've admired from afar for a long time. It was actually part of the reason I launched the influencer marketplace because I realized was people like you and many other people >> that had built large trusted audiences in B2B but hadn't done paid content partnerships and we felt like this was something that would be a wedge into a bigger market that will be people doing content partnerships in B2B and uh it's been a fun journey but your content I think is so consistent around your ICP and your audience. So the first question I have is like how much time do you actually spend in the content creation piece and like how much effort and energy how many like percentage of your time spent there and has it evolved over time? I'm sure it has. >> Yeah. So it took me a year to get it to like find my voice to get it to really click. It's a whole other story. But the long story short version is I was trying to write for Shopify stores. I started with the ghostriter. Then I switched to Alec, my consultant, who doesn't write for you, but he like helps you figure helps you write the best content on LinkedIn, works with all the biggest B2B CEOs, and then pivoted to actually write exclusively about B2B SAS. And then I was writing in such a way with such transparency, and it was so different than everybody else. And I was so credible because of my prior successes that it was just amazing. Now I try to dedicate Tuesdays to content, but it's like a live workshop. I record a YouTube video. I had this Twitter ghost writing agency that I just dropped because I didn't like it. If you look at my Twitter, it doesn't sound like my LinkedIn and I just want to try to do it on my own. And then I have a hour call with Alec that is very much like strategy, you know? It's like I want to leave that call with five potential posts I can write hook fully fleshed out like the main points understood so that then I can go sit down for an hour and a half at some point later in the week and just knock them out. Right? So LinkedIn only I would say maybe it's four hours a week. you know, you add the other stuff on, it's probably it's just the equivalent of one day a week. But for what it's doing for me, it's just like >> it's a no-brainer, >> you know? Yeah. It's like uh and it doesn't I don't mind doing it. It's very different than, you know, my Mondays are all like internal one-on- ones and exec meetings and [ __ ] like that because, you know, you doesn't matter whether you have like 30 or like 3,000 people. You kind of have to run your company in a certain way and that's the way. Then Tuesday I spend on content and then Wednesday through Friday it's like what whatever. You know, I try to keep a fairly empty calendar, but like writing is good for my brain, you know? It's like this creative >> release that is unlike the other stuff that I do. >> I think it comp it um the clarity of thought of writing something down gets you confident or not confident in a specific idea or thought and then it allows you to communicate. I'm I'm assuming it allows you communicate with your team as well, right? They can read how you're thinking, you know, and then some of the link the content is >> good by the way like dude you can't [ __ ] write this [ __ ] People are like fire fast. People are [ __ ] themselves. >> There's backlash. That's for sure. No, that's just for LinkedIn. Don't worry, you're safe. >> Well, I think one last thing and then we'll wrap up. It's when you think about content, you launched YouTube, you were thinking about not doing it, then you did it. You just mentioned Twitter and you know the idea of these I suppose other rented audiences and trying to consolidate them to like a newsletter. I think the question I have for you when you think about content, what do you think is the most important thing that you're going to be doing in with content over the next six to 12 months? What are the big bets you're making? And >> yeah, >> you know, what do you think is important in today's world? >> By the way, I'm really bad at that. You know, LinkedIn and Twitter are the awareness platforms. Newsletters, my trust platform. I'm really bad at that capture part. like I jam RBDB subscribers into a newsletter and then I just have Alec put out like the best post from the week before to it and like my open rate keeps going down. So it's a really it's a really lazy effort. Um if you ask me like the relative importance of each of those channels it's like 90% LinkedIn 10% the other stuff maybe even higher. I mentioned this show. So, so it's like the most important thing for me right now is to figure out whether this next product is a thing or not. The content takes a backseat and then it's if it's a thing then I think the content gets more important again as I'm trying to really push that thing out. If it's not a thing I got to scrap it, say I'm sorry to everybody and just, you know, go back to the drawing board. So, I think that LinkedIn will still drive the most awareness and trust and purchases for anything that I do in 12 months. I'm very excited about this live workshop that I was telling people. I have a Tuesday show called Unfuck My Startup right now and it's it was it's just not great. But I think that the Claude thing, like every signal that I've gotten from posting about Claude Skills, I had Taylor Harren, who's my email guy, on my show about three weeks ago. It was about Claude's code and like 900 live bodies were on it. So >> 900. >> Yeah. Live bodies, dude. >> Current Yeah. 900 live bodies. So like probably 1,200 in and out. >> The thirst for that content. >> Yeah. I think is so dire that I'm very excited about in in the same way that like was able to aggregate attention around their brand with Clay Workflows. >> Yeah. >> I think that for go to market I might be able to aggregate attention around Claude's brand and make myself the sort of what is even the right word the make my face equivalent to Claude skills for go to market. That's like >> and then there would be a natural flow through to this data set >> which I'm proposing that everyone should use who's doing that, right? Like that's that's the grand plan. >> When you explained this to me, Adam earlier on, I wasn't sure I 100% got it, but now it's starting to make a lot more sense when I think about what your Okay, so Clay was our very first customer at Limelight. We help them basically scale their influencer program, take all of their content by a tactical or awareness content and just scale it and reach more audiences. But what I think you've just shared is like essentially you're the top of funnel you're building an educational learning how to use claude and AI essentially agents as this educational content ecosystem and then you're bolting on the data set to access it as part of that. Now that for me >> that would be the idea. We will see how it plays out in reality. I mean clays is much more direct. It's I'm gonna get clay agencies to show clay workflows and you have to use clay to do any of it, right? Yeah. Which like that's not necessarily the case with my thing. You know, you could >> do all these workflows and plug in Prospo's, you know, API and I'm not sure you'd know the difference, right? Like >> at least kind of like the only game in town for that. But my bet is my hope is that between a disruptive pricing offer, like my plans to go completely unlimited, 19 bucks, $1.99, $9.99, and then the rate limits of the APIs are the only difference. So like, >> yeah, >> maybe I can get 5,000 people paying me 200 bucks a month for this. That's like the prayer. But it's like an unlimited contact data set, which is kind of crazy. that's really widely out there at this point. >> Well, I was just I was just gonna pull up my I got a new phone though. I realized I can't. I was going to pull up my Twitter. If you go to Twitter and you've liked anything on uh anything related to agents or any sort of tech stuff on Twitter, all the algorithm shows me is people creating step-by-step instructions on how to program Claude agents. So, the cut there's this thirst for >> No, I know. This is what I'm excited about. and and it may not even be there in six months, but like right now it is there. >> Yeah, couldn't agree more. >> So, it's like but again, I'm humble. I've been wrong so many times in products that I've tried to create. And I think the other thing about this idea mold sets which makes it interesting is like from idea to launch is going to be like five weeks. You know what I And the thing that I didn't talk about earlier is like the reason I'm so attracted to it is because this I'm going to be writing LinkedIn posts regardless and I don't have to write them about mold sets for them to help mold sets and I don't have to write them about RB2B for them to help RB2B. It just all flows people and look at what I'm doing and they go do it. So like I'm going to be doing that. We're paying for our database anyway. There will be no incremental cost of fulfilling a mult subscription to the people and services that are already there. So like this it's almost like a data discharge business you know uh so if I can get it to work it will be beautiful in that regard. It will just be like gravy based on activity I'm already doing which is unique. So, I don't know. Like, the point is like I don't know if I would start this business if it were the only one that I had. But since I have these other two things already going, it's enormously attractive for me to push this out and see if I can make it something because if it is something, it's like pure gravy and mold set success will also help RB2B, >> right? >> It's just going to piss people off that no one's working on RB2B anymore that somehow got this thing to work too. So my question actually just last one before we wrap is actually around like why not just put the feet up? You got 33 million in annual recurring revenue, right? You've got businesses booming that are running themselves. Most people would put the feet up and >> why not? >> I would challenge that last part of that statement. I think it's like when you are not in that position, you think that is what you want. But I think and this is why I hate the word lifestyle business. If you design your life in a way to where dude like you would laugh at my calendar and it's not that I don't work, it's just that like I'm not on calls like it's not stressful most of the time. Uh, I mean, I had to deal with a stressful personnel situation today, but that's, you know, once a month, once every quarter or something. But like, I can't honestly imagine a more fun way to live than, you know, I moved to Aspen in January, like skiing every day, my kids, you know, it's I have this incredible for me life. And if you took I can't even explain to you how excited and scared and whatever I am about like seeing what the world thinks about this my most recent creation. You know >> if you took that away from me my life would be much worse. >> You know but at the same time I get what you're saying because like literally the most successful guy I know can't wait to sell his company in 18 months because he did a deal with financial sponsor that's like running his life from a financial standpoint and he doesn't want to sit on the beach either. he just wants to be out of this situation so he can start another company. But I think if you design your life in the right way and like the way that you become really successful I think is you actually like genuinely love the craft, you know, cuz like how else could you persist through is just the darkest of times that everyone goes through. I mean it's a long [ __ ] journey. >> Yeah. I mean, it it would be a huge net negative on my energy and my family life and all of that stuff if you took my business away from me. >> Yeah. Well, it resonates a lot. I actually tried to take six months off about three or four years ago after sprinting for eight eight years. And I was thinking of it as like a pedestal. I can't wait to take this time off. I'm going to do all these things. I'm going to be so happy. I was the most miserable I've ever been. You know, I took three three weeks and I was like, >> it was insane. And I was like immediately I realized what my dad was saying. I used to tell my dad, "Why don't you retire? I want to retire when I'm 40 or 30." Like wild numbers. And then he was like, "You have no idea." Then you take a bit of time off. You're like, "Oh shit." Like there's no purpose. There's no building. There's no craft. So I completely get what you're saying. Well, Adam, I really appreciate this conversation. Congrats again on the launch of the new business. And you know it. I heard you say it's coming in June. So want to be a part of that if I can in any way. But congrats again. >> We'll see. We'll see how it goes. I mean, I'm still this is the least conviction that I've had on on on one since I knew what I was doing. Basically, there's there there are so many incredible things about it and there are so many that are I'm just like, "Oh, that's not the type of business that I would start if it was my choice." You know, >> usually I would tell people they, you know, I asked the guest where to find you, but I feel like that's relatively obvious in your case on LinkedIn. But I wanted to just say, "Yeah, appreciate the time. appreciate what you shared with me. Excited to look back on this in six months and see, you know, >> what had happened. >> I'm nervous. Thanks, man. You're you're a really good interviewer, by the way. >> Thank you. I'm new to this, but I'm getting there. It's easier being on the other side for me, at least. That's what I think. But again, appreciate you coming on. >> No problem. Thanks a lot. >> Thanks for listening. Don't forget to like and subscribe to Safet and Scale on Spotify, Apple Podcast, or wherever you listen. Limelight is the leading AI powered B2B influencer marketplace and social signals platform. Brands like HubSpot, Web Flow, and Zoom Info use Limelight to power influencer programs at scale. Start your first campaign at limelightq.com.