# How to Build a Million-Dollar Writing Business — Kieran Drew

**Video ID:** teXpGWcOOQQ
**Transcript Source:** youtube-transcript API
**Date Retrieved:** July 2026

Brilliant. Um, so yeah, Kieran, um, just as we start today, how about you tell our listeners and readers a bit about yourself? Obviously, a lot of them know who you are. You're a pretty big deal in the online writing world. So, um, but if they don't know you, uh, just yet, could you tell us a we bit about your background, like how you got into what you're doing right now, um, in the in the online writing space? >> Yeah, sure. I always find it weird when someone says I'm a big deal, but I'll give you the the the TLDDR. Uh, I used to be a dentist. Um, and five years ago, actually five years ago, last month, I uh started writing. >> I actually asked myself what would be the uh coolest job in the world and I thought standup comedian. And uh I wasn't very funny, but I found writing from there. And it it was just a series of steps. Um I began blogging, found Twitter, started writing there. And you know, we had a rough first year. It took about 13 months to hit the first thousand followers, >> 18 months to make the first dollar. and then just had this kind of crazy exponential growth from there and it's been a bit of a roller coaster. So, uh now I have a uh a brand and it's doing pretty well. Uh we've got about $280,000 readers. Um grossed over a million dollars in three years. We're about 1.3 1.4 now. >> And yeah, just having a great time, which I think is the important bit. Like it's uh it's certainly better than drilling teeth. >> Yeah, for sure. Um yeah, let's let's just go back to that briefly as well. So you were a dentist um and you decided to just pivot towards writing. How did that come about? >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean I wasn't very happy as a dentist. Um I mean I mean the warning signs were there very early like I I never at university I never really enjoyed the work. I mean I don't think anyone really enjoys the work. I don't know any dentist that's happy. Uh but we were always like oh but we're going to be rich so it'll be fine. you know, like you get to drive your Porsche and stuff. And uh I come from a kind of a working-class background. So when I graduated, I was like, "Cool, I'm going to work as hard as I can and and you know, make something of myself." And instead, I was just killing myself. And after about 3 years, um and I can tell you a crazy story about it, like what actually how I realized, but I had something happened that made me think, God, I have to get out right now. And um I just started exploring from there. So COVID had hit and a friend said Naval Rabagan's podcast which if you don't know like it's called how to get rich and he basically explains about how the internet is this whole thing where people can get paid doing work they love and like building businesses with their authenticity and I just fell in love with it man because I had come from a very stoic background where you must suffer to succeed and I was going to grind it out for 30 years and I was like wait a second if you can align your energy and your expertise, you're going to go so much further. And I ended up thinking, look, we got to start again. Like you're there. Yeah. Sure, you you've spent a long time becoming a dentist, but there are no points for climbing the wrong mountain. And so I ended up rolling the dice and going from the bottom. >> Yeah. How did that feel whenever you you made that switch? The first the first day you'd realize you were fully in the writing sphere instead of dentistry. How did that feel? >> Yeah, it's one of the craziest days of my life, man. Like um people always tell me I'm very brave for this decision, but I was [ __ ] myself. So like I genuinely like I I called my mom, I called my dad, I called my best friends, I went for a 7-hour walk. This is the day before I was like, I think I'm going to quit. I was actually meant to start a new job, but he had called and said, "Look, we need to push you back a month. Um take a month off and I'll pay you." And I was so happy. And I realized I was so happy, not because I get to do a month off, but because I had a month on writing. And I was like, "Man, you've got to quit." And so I went to see him at his clinic, the brand new one in New York. And even when I went to knock on the door, I was so scared I had to hide in the alleyway and like calm my heart down. And I was like, "Look, just tell this guy that you quit." Uh, opens the door, big beaming smile. All the nurses were there. I went for the most awkward half an hour of my life where I met nurses I'm never going to speak to, spoke about patients I was never going to treat. Um, eventually we went upstairs. He sat down and I remember like he looks so happy and he's like, "What do you think?" And I was like, "Shut the hell up." Like, "I quit." And he was like, "What?" And I went on to explain. I was like, "Look, man, you don't want me here. Like, I can't stop thinking about writing." The time we met 6 months ago, it was a very different care and now >> and he said this line to me where he was like, um, you know, you can't quit. You're only 5 years in. And I was like, precisely the sunken cost bias is such a bastard, right? And I was like, look, I've got to do it now because if not now, when? M >> and um this was the first time I think in my whole life where I'd actually given permission to go after what I wanted and I remember walking out of this clinic after this conversation sun was shining cobbled street in York and this lady walked past me and smiled and it was the first time I looked at teeth and thought I don't have to drill those and it was incredible man like best feeling in the world. Yeah. Best feeling like betting on yourself is one of the most addictive drugs I think and I've been uh doing it ever since. I love it. I love it. Um, and what a great decision that was because you're so good at what you do. Um, and I just want to highlight the fact that I mean, you told a story there so effortlessly. Um, and with such humor, such humor in it as well. And you, you made a point in it. And this is what you're so good at in your writing. Like, you're one of the real masters, I think, at the minute of just telling a story in a really straightforward way, but really drawing people in. and you you guide people from just the the start of your email or your blog post all the way down to where your offer is um or whatever it is you're you want to you want to highlight. Um how has that evolved for you over the course of the last few years? How did you learn that process? Was it just a matter of learning it over time and getting better at it or did was there something you follow like like a template or a framework that you kind of used um as you as you evolved? >> Bit of both. So I actually never used to be a storyteller. Uh or I didn't think I was. Uh I was quite a introverted timid guy and the first year of writing online I didn't tell a single story about myself you know I was like no one cares about me they just care about what I have to say and what actually happened was I written the story about um my neck. So I had a brain tumor when I was younger. I had broken my neck. Quite a traumatic time. And I wrote this story and I was like, there is zero chance in hairline posting that. Like that is so vulnerable. I mean, I even cried when I wrote it. And um anyway, I was getting pretty desperate. Like no one was reading. My girlfriend at the time saw it was like, "You have to post this." Like that's absolutely crazy. And I ended up posting on Twitter. And this was the 13month grind. Um and I don't check I don't check my post when I look, right? So I go to bed. I wake up in the morning. My girlfriend's texting me being like, "Get on Twitter now." And I went on and we had like millions and millions of views. >> And yeah, it was man like that that rush then like after 13 months like I've never had a digital dopamine hit like it. And it just kept climbing and climbing and once the high had died down um it wasn't the virality that was important. It was um what I found in the DMs because I literally had hundreds of comments from people that were like, "Wow, your ideas really reach me." Or they were telling me all their personal stuff and I was like, "What the hell, man?" Like, I'm saying stuff like, "Focus on what you can control and you know, character is a choice." Basic stoic stuff, but it was the story that actually made the difference >> because, you know, people don't act if they don't care. And stories are just vehicles for emotion. And at that point, I mean, I quit my job two weeks later because I was like, "Oh, the point in content is connection." And the way you connect is stories. And so, I actually set a rule. Uh, every time I would send an email, I have to say a story. And every time someone asked me a question, I have to tell a story. Uh, because it's like going to the gym, right? Like, you don't go to the gym and deadlift 500 lb on day one. Particularly not with a spine like mine. Uh, but it's just reps, right? And so, um, it's been a process from there, man. And like I messed around with some frameworks. I find frameworks very useful to get going then very not useful and then useful again and just kind of bounce in between. I have a couple of simple ones myself for emails uh just to make it a bit faster. But otherwise um yeah, it's just it's just like say what's on your mind and follow the emotion. >> Yeah, I love that so much. That's so cool. Um and I see other creators trying to replicate this kind of thing sometimes and you know some are good at it, some aren't so good at it. Um, what do you think a lot of creators uh get wrong in those kind of early days when they're trying to write copy? They're trying to like tell stories that teach points. Um, where do you kind of see think people going wrong at the minute online? >> Big question. I know. >> Yeah. Yeah. Even in terms of like social media and things like that, the way people post on Twitter or on whatever platform they're on, where do you see people maybe going down the wrong pathway in terms of trying to create content? >> I I think the the main concern that I have when particularly when I see some friends going down this path is a concept called incentive drag. And I can only say it because I fell big time victim to it where you start posting on social media, you've got all of this energy, all of this enthusiasm, like this message and this change you want to bring to the world that no one reading. And so you start saying things that that like you're kind of mimicking bigger creators and that starts to work and before you know it, like gradually, sorry, over like a period of months, you've just drifted away from like your core vision. And um the thing is well well at least what I've learned is that you were right in the first place that's those ideas that you had were actually really [ __ ] cool. You just didn't give it time to to like make an impact right to find the right people. >> And so um I think there has to be like a degree of playing to the algorithm but this datadriven growth thing like when I first heard it I was like oh that is the one. And I remember um I started going viral every week and then these two writers I really respect were laughing at me on the timeline like literally openly mocking me and I was like these [ __ ] how dare they they're jealous. And then I went for a walk and I came back and I was like let me just read my content based on what they're saying and I was mortified. I was like dude you suck. Like this is so like just vague and wishy-washy. And um >> I updated my metric at least to be like yes follow the data but there's two data points right you have external data which is a good reference but the internal data which is intuition that's what we follow >> like did this make me curious was it fun to write uh because even now when I send my emails I've had a few recently where um I was like ah this isn't what I'm meant to be saying if I want to sell XY Z and I've [ __ ] it just post it anyway and they've ended up being the best ones And um you've really got to follow that energy and I think that's very hard for people when they're starting because you you want those views too. >> Yeah, for sure. Um I'm obviously on on Substack more than I would be on Twitter these days. Um just find it to be a more conducive platform right now for what I'm trying to do. And I do kind of see people fall into these like frameworks and patterns with their notes uh as in like the posts on Substack where they just do tend to copy other creators and just it's like a just replicating like huge numbers of notes every single day and they're they're boring, they're robotic, they're half the time they're just written by chat GBT or whatever. And um you can tell that they're trying to follow those like data like number kind of uh approaches to try and build an audience or create trust. And um I think like I I know the creators who I resonate with like you who I can tell are writing from a place of authenticity and from heart and they're just telling a story. And sometimes there's other creators um I come across and I can tell they probably could sell something in an email or an article or a post and they just don't they just kind of like tell a story or they they tell something about themselves and then just leave it at that. And that's like a trust building exercise because >> you're just showing off your audience and just kind of being there and just spending time with them and sharing a bit about yourself. >> Um, how do you Kieran, you you obviously you've made so much money online selling digital products, which is incredible. Um, again of what you do in these launches and um, you post all the stuff afterwards and say how they went, which is really cool of the the transpar transparency there. Um, how do you sell stuff in a way that it feels human? It feels authentic. It doesn't feel like you're you're just trying to sell something. How do you draw people towards the seal without it feeling like you're pushing them there? >> Yeah, there's I mean there's been times where I think I've gone too far on the um being a bit too pushy, being a bit too internet markety. You've all got to kind of find your flow. But what I realized was, and you kind of touched on it before, um I had a rule where I was like, if everyone reads my email, I want them to get value if they buy or not. >> Cuz I don't know about you, I open an email and it's a pure sales email. And I'm like, well, that was a complete waste of my time. And so I was like, well, if that's the case, then what what do we need to add value to people? And it's not like a breadth of information really. It's tell them something useful and entertain them. So again if I start with a story and I make so I always say that we um set the scene and then we improve a point and then we ask for action right scene is interesting for everyone we make a point which is probably interesting and then the very few people that want to take action there's a request there too and that just made me feel 100 times better and like sure look sometimes during my launches I'll send four emails in a day and I get someone being like what the hell but I actually um the best framing I had for this was I put my heart and soul into my products and I genuinely believe that they will change people's lives. So when I launch I launch right and so I'm going to go for it. Um but I think when I'm like look just read the email and you'll actually find out that they're pretty useful anyway. And I have found that my complaints have really reduced over time and actually the people that do complain I don't really want them there anyway because they want to read these emails like writing and business and life stuff. And if they don't, well, cool, because that's the effect you want when you write. Like, if nobody hates your content, nobody loves it. So, >> yeah, that's a great point. Um, I think sometimes we we kind of stray towards writing safe content that everybody else is writing and that has no real impact. Um, who is someone, uh, Kieran, who you see writing online at the minute or have seen writing for a while, whose stuff you really, really like, who you think's doing that really well, where they're they're they're not afraid to say it like it is, um, regardless of whether or not it loses subscribers. Um, big question again. >> Yeah, it's cool. You know, sometimes I'm not very good at these answers because I stop reading people for a long time. So, I haven't really been on email or social for like a month because I was just doing a bit of a clear thinking thing. But people that I really resonate with generally and they do this quite often. Um Atlas on Twitter is one guy. Um so he's a branding person and it is just to the core the way that he thinks. Uh Caitlin Bore who teaches marketing and again it's a marketer like you want to see that but very authentic. And it's actually not that people >> I'm not mostly impressed by people who are polarizing. I'm impressed by people who are authentic >> because it's it's the easiest word to say yet the hardest to execute because particularly as brands get bigger the incentive to say and do things. Um money and status and all that gets higher and higher. So people like Kaylin Boore Jayl Klouse um they're the ones where I I still I'm constantly looking out on being like that's how you do it. >> Yeah. Love it. Yeah. Yeah, I was speaking to Jay here um a few weeks ago and he would just walk me through his process for stuff and how he builds community and stuff and he just he's just so good at it. Like he's >> he's so calm and so clear and he just walks through this process and you feel like you're you feel like you understand it really well by the end of the conversation. So good at it. >> Um >> so how do you prioritize uh depth over over reach because you've obviously got a massive audience already on on Twitter and by email and things like that. Um, how do you whenever you sit down to create content, how do you prioritize um going deep with your subscribers rather than just trying to get more subscribers or just trying to make more sales? >> I I used to be very particular about my approach, but I have more and more often just found myself following my curiosity and sometimes I really want to go deep and sometimes I don't. >> Um, and so yeah, for example, I just finished writing like a two 3,000word email. they're generally not going to be that great for um sales. Uh but I wanted to write it and um that said, I've always tried to break down this writing gig into like three different areas. So we have uh reach, we have relationships, and we have revenue. And the way that I think this through is that reach is obviously kind of the social media side and depth is actually not useful there because the deeper you go the less people you reach and you actually don't get to reach the people that wanted to read that deep bit anyway because the way an algorithm works is that if it doesn't go in front of everyone um then they don't get to see it at all. And so social media I keep fast and dirty and by that I mean we're not editing that much. Uh the hooks are broad placed. So I'm not being like I'm not going to be like um you know backend email automations are the best way to scale your business from six to seven figures as a writer because like that's so small of my audience that will care. >> But when I get into my email world, my emails are longer than my social media posts and they're more specific about the problems and the solutions I'm presenting. Then the product is the depth, right? That's where we've got and the way I build my products. I know people say they need to be fast and quick. I do fast quick versions, but then I also have the deeper version for my fans because I'm a deep guy. Like I like to learn like that. And so I'm like, "Cool, we'll put everything in there and you can kind of choose your own world when you go in these products and learn as much or as little as you'd like." I kind of feel like that journey uh lets people decide how deep they want to go. Uh, and my general rule of thumb is that the longer something lasts, the deeper and higher quality it needs to be. >> So, my mistake early on was that like I would spend so long editing social media content and it would die after like a day. And I probably could have written books like you by now if I wasn't so busy chasing the wrong metric. Um, but when I get to my products, like I'm doing 10, 15 edits because I know that this thing is going to be there for at least 3 to 5 years. >> Yep. Are your products the the aspect of your business that really energizes you or what aspect of it do you do you find you come away from feeling like um you get like a real buzz from after you've like done it? >> You know, sorry, I just put my camera back on charge. Um, >> that depends on what time of year you ask me. Uh products are really fun to build because I mean the thing I love most about product is that it forces me to master the topic and you know those who teach learn the most and I'm not suggesting that I build products I have no clue what they are. The way that I build a product particularly now is that I will come up with an idea that solves a problem for my audience and then I will go speak to my customers, speak to my fans, deliver it live to them, iterate from that way and then the product is like the icing on the cake six to nine months down the line. Um, that's really fun. But I'll be honest with you, the reason that I struggle with products longer term is because I have a very high commitment to quality. And as part of that, every single product I do is fully written, fully video. And the writing, the energy, 99 out of 100. The video is like a 60. And you know, 60 is not too bad. Um, but my whole aim in life is to find everything that lights me up and then just build my life around that. >> And so, um, that's why I'm writing books now because I don't have to film them. Um, I've also found that, uh, and it's been quite surprising, my whole commitment at first was leverage. So, I wanted assets I could sell at scale that weren't tied to my time. So, I could just write and sit here and drink tea and, you know, all the good stuff. So, um, but what I actually realized when I began to analyze my energy, which took me way too long to pause and think, was that I love the communication, like talking to people live. And so, um, I've now been kind of shifting where I'm like doing more live based, uh, presentations, um, and working one-on-one with clients because my energy after those is super high when my energy after a product. Like sometimes they can tank me out for for a little while. So, I'm kind of getting a bit of a blend of both. >> Um, but yeah, they're up there. >> Yeah, I totally get that. I'm like an introverted person by nature as well. And but yet whenever I do a call with somebody with a group, I do come away feeling like so so buzzed by it. Like it's there's nothing like it. It's it's weird. Um just seeing people like understand something, seeing like their faces light up cuz they get something you just explained to them. Something really cool about that. Um and I popped into one of your webinars you were doing one time and I was watching you kind of explain stuff and you were like like so energized by it as well. Like you were bouncing as you were talking about stuff and all and I could see that. Um, which is which is so funny cuz as an introvert you kind of think that wouldn't be the case and kind of think it would it would it would suck the energy out of you and maybe it does afterwards but at the time there's something really amazing about just helping people one-on-one in a live setting like that. Um, what do you want to do more of in future Kieran? So like over the next sort of like throughout the rest of 2025 in the next year where do you kind of see uh things going for you just going to kind of keep doing more of the same or do you have any other like big plans for other products or like pivoting towards other things? Yeah. So I mentioned this is my 50th anniversary uh that I've just just crossed and I I could not have predicted how things have gone and so what my first decision in the next 5 years was not to set a 5-year plan because I thought what a waste of time that would be. Uh but when I was looking back um I have really really enjoyed what I've done so far and like I mentioned there comes a point in business and life where you are called to do the thing that you really want to do and if I look at my business like I love the uh the money-m part but if you want to ask me the thing that lights me up it's content. >> Like I just find it so fun. Uh I think it's such a brilliant way like one of my favorite quotes from Charlie Monger is the best thing a human being can do is help another person know more. And so I was like cool. um you've got the products, you've got a paid newsletter, you've got a cool audience. It's like why don't we just spend the next year just really having fun with the content. >> And so the first decision is that I'm now writing a book which um I'm spending my first two to three hours a day on that. That's been cool because you suddenly realize that like oh you don't have that much time to like make money because you know you got this thing going on. Uh, I just filmed my first YouTube video yesterday. That was hell. Uh, so that was cool. It's nice to be a beginner again. Like, it's nice to suck. Um, and I'm really looking forward to that process because, um, I built most of my brand giving away as much as I could for free. >> And I really want to reconnect with that. Um, which we still do quite a bit of, you know, like I'm creating a ton of content anyway. Um but otherwise I just want to make sure that I'm spending almost all my time writing because for the longest period um I didn't feel like I was enough as an entrepreneur. Like I was always looking at the next thing being like a you know like look at all these people you look up to. They've got all these bestselling books and you know you're not a writer blah blah blah and always beating myself up. But then I was like wait a second man like how do you define a writer? And I was like, what what does that actually look like tangibly to you? And I was like, right, you write for four to six hours a day. You get to walk, you get to read, you get to share ideas and tell stories. And I was like, you're there. So, um, stop being an idiot and enjoy it. And so, actually, once I finished that last product, cuz the product is what gets in the way actually, like you just you don't have that much time for a good two to three months. I was like, don't do that anymore, you know? Let's just do another experiment for six months. And now I'm I'm writing for about 6 to 8 hours a day and it's heaven. And I'm like great. Like I'm sure that this will go well at one point. Uh so I'm really just doing that, man. And um trying to just see where the energy comes or goes. >> I love it. I love it. And I totally agree. Like there are times whenever you're the stuff you're creating like those products and stuff like that feel like they're the kind of thing that's getting in the way a little bit of the stuff you really want to do. Like I I write fiction. So like I really struggle at times at the minute like where I'm not getting as much time to write fiction as I want to. I whenever I'm in the zone I can write every morning for like a couple of hours first thing and I I can get a book finished in like sort of 3 or 4 months. Um but whenever I'm like massively distracted by products and different things that are happening, it's really really hard to just sit down and be and be in the right mindset for that. And it's frustrating because you want to do the stuff that lights you up, the stuff that gives you energy and gives you that real buzz. And that's that's fiction for me. Um but yeah, so I love that you're kind of like in the same mindset with that and and so on the same page with that kind of thing. Um just got more questions and I'll let you go. Karen, uh if you could give advice to someone who's maybe in the same boat as you when they started out, so they're maybe um in a job that they maybe don't necessarily love and they may be thinking they're looking at this guy Kieran Drew and look at how well he's doing, how much he loves his job and how much he loves what he's doing. um and they want to make that shift. What does that process look like um from leaving the job that they're in to being a full-time creator? And obviously it doesn't look the same for everybody everybody across the board. >> Um but what advice would you give to somebody who's thinking about making that change? >> Yeah, I think the first bit of advice is don't look at me too much because I know people say to aim big, but when the gap from where you are to where you want to go is so large like you end up quitting >> and so you know where you want to go which is work you love, right? And so then I'm always like, well, what's level one of this? Like how do we get paid doing something that's fun? How do we earn our digital freedom so that we have the space to think and start working on this? The best advice I can give is a few tips. Number one is to start with a service. >> But my mistake when I started was that like I just thought if I wrote people would come to me and it would all work out fine. And uh I actually spent three months writing a product called Get in Dentistry uh without speaking to a single person, without helping a single person. And that's just straight in the bin. Like no one's ever seen that guide, thankfully. And um because that would have been a different different brand, I think. So it's probably for the best. But like I always say to people um if let's just say that breaking free out of your job is the mo the top priority then getting paid is the priority right there are certain people by the way who love their job that want to build a writing career just keep writing don't worry about it just keep writing things are going to happen but for most people you need to speak to people and solve a problem >> and so we start with a service right and the best place to start is with yourself like what is a meaningful problem that you have solved that you can go and help other people do. And you don't need to be an expert to have something worth selling. You just need to be two steps ahead in a problem worth solving. >> That said, you're like, I haven't really got anything. Then solve your own [ __ ] now. Like, think of something that's really annoying. You solve it and build in public because at first no one pays attention. Then you get good, they they do, and then like you start like solving real problems in public, they start paying you money. >> And so, um, we have to pick a problem. We have to find it. Find a person to solve it for. You cannot solve everything for everyone. Uh if you do, you're in commodity creator hell. Good luck. So I always say there's like a transformation promise. I'm going to help one person solve one problem so that they can achieve one desire, right? There's rule of one. It's like standard copyrighting advice. There's a reason it works. Like that's what you want to do and that's what you want to commit to. The same is true with building the brand in general. Um, I'm a big fan of uh I won't name names, but there's certain creators that like you can write about what you want. You are the niche. Go for it. It's true, but like it's never going to work. Um, there is a big cloud of noise and most younger creators, however you want to word it, newer creators, they're too broad and so it's like firing a shotgun into this cloud. It's like a spray, but you never break through. You want to be a sniper, right? You want to burst way through because once you're past the cloud of noise, you can talk about what you want. And so you have this one problem, one solution, kind of telling one story with your brand. You start solving problems for people and you just keep doing it and then you talk about it. And this is just the crazy bit like when I I've got started working with clients and I'm like every time I begin I'm like dude whatever you're doing with clients talk about it 10 times more >> because the best way to attract clients is to talk about clients. And then some people like I don't have clients. I'm like start for free. >> Yeah. because you only one good case study can change the trajectory of your business. Like for example, um I recently put on like 10 kilos of weight because I really hurt my arm and I told my friend who's a health coach who helped me get shredded the first time and he was like you can't get fat. I was like what do you mean you're meant to be supportive here? And he was like go lose all that weight because I gave him a case study two years ago and he was like it's been hundreds of thousands of dollars. So you need one good case study and like so start for free. Ironically, he was my first client and I charged him $500 for 10 hours of calls plus writing critiques and my only commitment was to make that the best $500 he spent and he still says it is because he managed to quit his job. He's built a multi6 figure business. That's what people need to do, right? You overd deliver for one person, you find another person, you rinse and repeat, you talk about it as you do it, and gradually you begin to build a reputation. And like especially these days with so much noise, reputation is the moat, right? like um it's the engine of the car. Like you can't see it, but it's the driving force behind results. >> So that's what I do. >> Yeah. >> Whistle stop tour. >> Brilliant. I've heard you I've heard you talk about reputation a lot before like it's so it's so hard to build up and so easy to lose it um like like overnight by saying or doing the wrong thing or breaking that trust with your audience. >> Um how and this is one quick question I want to squeeze in before the last one. Um how important do you think uh branding is at the minute for writers? So you've talked about a little bit about it there, but in terms of um branding things and how do you go about actually branding yourself as a writer? How important is that now in the age of AI when there's just so many bots and stuff around and you know we don't know who's real and who isn't. Um how do you maintain that? How do you grow your and and deepen your brand as a writer? >> Yeah. I mean I think a brand is everything. Um it is because if you actually think about what a brand is, it's a public agreement of trust. people have said, "This person is worth paying attention to." And the thing with AI is that like everything's fake now. >> Everything's artificial. And when everything's fake, you win by being real. >> And so, um, that's why I like as a personal brand especially, I'm like, "Stick your name on something because accountability creates authority." And, uh, I always get emails like, "Hey, I'm I'm a bit worried about posting and stuff." And I'm like, "Cool. It's scary to step into the limelight and to step on stage, but what's the alternative to like exist in the shadows? Like you're never going to get what you want by doing that. And so, yes, you need a brand. Um, I think that that I mentioned I'm doubling down on content. I think brand is the only real well not there's no safe bet, but it's pretty safe for AI at least for a long time. And so, um, you commit to quality with what you're doing. Principles. Uh, you have principles. I can't tell you how many of my friends who have brands that uh have have begun to sort of sell out or you know like ah you know I don't really do this thing normally but it's a really cool opportunity and I'm going to do this and that and I'm like the whole point in a writing business is to create fans. You know one fan is worth a thousand followers and particularly these days um how you grow your audience is much more important than how fast. >> Uh because AI can do the fast thing. AI can do the the the the volume of content and it's not volume of content that wins anymore. It's like the volume of trust. >> And so, um I think that if you find a skill you love, you master it, you do that in public, and you really commit to serving people, and you go, "Cool, I'm going to expect results in two years, not two months." It's a pretty good winning recipe. >> Yeah, I love it. I love it so much. Um yeah, I'm I'm really into writer branding at the minute. I'm trying to I'm sort of studying that, trying to figure out what the best way it is to go about it and how to help other writers do it because some some writers I find this sometimes you talk about writer branding and um they get really um aggressive about it and they don't like it and they they just want to write but they don't want to ever have to brand themselves or put themselves out there. They just consider themselves writers, but everything else is like the extra stuff they don't want to do >> and they kind of think you're like a a guru or you're trying to sell them something if you're talking about branding. So, um, it's just interesting in your perspective on it and I think you summed it up really well. A couple of things you said there which I'm going to pull out after this conversation and quote them again cuz they're really good. Um, Kieran, just one final question before I let you go. Um, if you could leave our our readers and listeners with just one simple like sentence or two of advice, um, if they want to like make money as writers, what would you what would you leave them with? Oh, >> buy my courses. Not many kidding. Um yeah, I I think that the at least what I keep telling myself is don't follow the crowd, follow the curiosity. >> Uh I think that we really undervalue curiosity as a tool for success because the writer who plays the game the longest wins and nobody can compete with you if you're having fun. >> And so the only time that consistency is hard is when you're not curious about what you're doing. And so I would just like give yourself that free reign to explore. Um really enjoy the process of writing because it is a beautiful thing. Uh don't focus on the external outcome. You know, it's just maximum effort for the input. But like just just have faith that like you're helping people win, you're getting better at your craft. And the curiosity is a northstar, man. Uh and that's at every level, by the way, because like so many people get off at like level one at the stop. They're like, "Hey, I found out that if I say this thing, I'm going to build." and then like 5 years later they're saying the same thing and they're bored out of their mind. >> You've got to be willing to burn things down over and over if you want to get where you want in life. Like if you want to be a pioneer and um I just think curiosity is such a fantastic thing to do that. So that's what I'd say. Don't follow the crowd, follow your curiosity. >> I love it. Every every sentence that comes out of your mouth is just like a brilliantly quotable line. I love it. >> That's brilliant. Um Kieran, thanks so much for this time. Really appreciate it. It's so cool to meet you face to face, so to speak. Um, I look forward to continuing to read all of your stuff and um, seeing what you do in future and getting your book someday whenever it's finally out there in the world. >> Cool, man. Congratulations on the fiction books. I'm very envious. That's uh, one goal that I'd love to take on at one point. >> Yeah, if anyone can do it, you could. Um, Kieran, thanks so much and I'll connect with you again real soon.